01. A student demonstrates in practice that the (SE) instruments (method / technique) have been effectively deployed.
02. A student demonstrates in practice on the basis of valid arguments to have taken a grounded (design) decision.
03. A student delivers a product, result that meets the agreed requirements and quality.
04. A student demonstrates that a product has been adequately validated.
05. A student reports formally and adequately of the result and the progress of work.
06. A student gives a business grounded, robust advice.
07. A student formulates a program of requirements for the product to be delivered to the satisfaction of the stakeholders.
08. A student develops a SMART-plan considering the requirements for a product to be delivered or work to be carried out.
09. A student provides a logical, clear, feasible, manageable work breakdown structure for a complex task, assignment.
10. A student shows in the SE field to be able of making an adequate analysis and model of a complex problem as assessed by stakeholders.
11. A student communicates in a pleasant and effective manner with each other and with stakeholders.
12. A student demonstrates in practice to be able to discuss in a result-oriented dialogue.
13. A student demonstrates to carry out a project in a controlled manner, according to plan.
14. A student gives an adequate view of the progress and results of the work to create a bigger basis of understanding.
15. A student demonstrates in practice to be able to make a conceptual integer design.
16. A student demonstrates in practice to be able to realize an integer design.
17. A student demonstrates in practice his professional attitude (loyalty, honest, flexible, ..).
18. A student demonstrates in practice to have used all available information sources effectively and efficiently for the stated objective.
19. A student demonstrates in practice to be able to deliver effective documentation.
20. A student demonstrates in practice to implement a result in a systematic manner.
21. A student demonstrates in practice to perform corrective, perfective, adaptive maintenance and management.
22. A student demonstrates in practice to have learned of work, mistakes.